add annotation to pause autoscaling at a fixed count (#2765)
kedacore/keda: CHANGELOG.md

- **General:** Introduce ARM-based container image for KEDA ([#2263](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/2263)|[#2262](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/2262))
- **General:** Provide support for authentication via Azure Key Vault ([#900](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/900)|[#2733](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/2733))
- **General**: Support for `ValueMetricType` in `ScaledObject` for all scalers except CPU/Memory ([#2030](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/2030))

> - **Genral:** Introduce annotation `"autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas"` for ScaledObjects to pause scaling at a fixed replica count. ([#2765](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/pull/2765))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **General:** Introduce annotation `"autoscaling.keda.sh/paused-replicas"` for ScaledObjects to pause scaling at a fixed replica count. ([#944](https://github.com/kedacore/keda/issues/944))
```

I spotted a typo here, also please link the issue not PR here. Thanks!
